Update Kubernetes upgrade documentation (#2736)
rancher/rke2: developer-docs/upgrading_kubernetes.md

* Click "Draft new release"
* Select the target branch
* Enter the desired version into the "Tag version" box. 

>     * Example tag: `v1.23.5-rc1+rke2r1`
>     * **NOTE** Make sure to create the tag against the correct release branch. In the example above, that would map to release branch `release-1.23`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Example tag: `v1.23.8-rc1+rke2r1`
    * **NOTE** Make sure to create the tag against the correct release branch. In the example above, that would map to release branch `release-1.23`.
```

>     * Example tag: `v1.23.5-rc1+rke2r1`
>     * **NOTE** Make sure to create the tag against the correct release branch. In the example above, that would map to release branch `release-1.23`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Example tag: `v1.22.8-rc1+rke2r1`
    * **NOTE** Make sure to create the tag against the correct release branch. In the example above, that would map to release branch `release-1.23`.
```

>     * Example tag: `v1.23.5-rc1+rke2r1`
>     * **NOTE** Make sure to create the tag against the correct release branch. In the example above, that would map to release branch `release-1.23`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Example tag: `v1.22.8-rc1+rke2r1`
    * **NOTE** Make sure to create the tag against the correct release branch. In the example above, that would map to release branch `release-1.22`.
```

Reviewer: Or change the release branch to `master`

Reviewer: As discussed offline `release-1.23` is fine for documentation purposes.
